Add security warnings (#8)
ssbc/ssb-tribes2-demo: README.md

# ssb-tribes2-demo

A simple electron app that shows off the features of `ssb-tribes2`.

## Security considerations

> While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this app nor derivations off of it are not fit for use in safety critical situations. Neither the code nor the specification has been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a solid implementation, and a bugfree spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this app nor derivations off of it are not fit for use in safety critical situations. Neither the code nor the specification has been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a solid implementation, and a bug-free spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal, such as "forward secrecy".
```
